RUMM-2219 Add Expo guide (#216)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: docs/expo_development.md

## Overview

The RUM React Native SDK supports Expo and Expo Go. The minimum supported version is [**@datadog/dd-sdk-reactnative:1.0.0-rc9**][1]. 

Datadog recommends using **Expo SDK 45** as a minimum version; previous versions may require manual steps.

## Setup

No configuration plugins are needed. To get started, see [React Native Monitoring][2].

## Expo Go

If you are using Expo Go, switch to development builds (recommended), or keep using Expo Go without Datadog while having it run on your standalone application (not recommended).

### Switch from Expo Go to development builds

Your application's [development builds][3] are debug builds that contain the `expo-dev-client` package.

1. Enable the [custom native code to run][4] with `expo run:android` and `expo run:ios`.

> 2. To start using your development application, run `expo install expo-dev-client` and `expo start --dev-client`. This will install and start the [`expo-dev-client` package][5] to execute the added native code in dev mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To start using your development application, run `expo install expo-dev-client` and `expo start --dev-client`. This installs and starts the [`expo-dev-client` package][5] to execute the added native code in dev mode.
```

## Overview

The RUM React Native SDK supports Expo and Expo Go. The minimum supported version is [**@datadog/dd-sdk-reactnative:1.0.0-rc9**][1]. 

Datadog recommends using **Expo SDK 45** as a minimum version; previous versions may require manual steps.

## Setup

No configuration plugins are needed. To get started, see [React Native Monitoring][2].

> ## Export Go

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Expo Go
```

If you are using Expo Go, switch to development builds (recommended), or keep using Expo Go without Datadog while having it run on your standalone application (not recommended).

### Switch from Expo Go to development builds

Your application's [development builds][3] are debug builds that contain the `expo-dev-client` package.

1. Enable the [custom native code to run][4] with `expo run:android` and `expo run:ios`.

> 2. Build your application with the [`expo-dev-client` package][5] to execute your added native code in dev mode.
> 3. To start using your development application, run `expo install expo-dev-client` and `expo start --dev-client`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. To start using your development application, run `expo install expo-dev-client` and `expo start --dev-client`. This will install and start the [`expo-dev-client` package][5] to execute the added native code in dev mode.
```

Step 2 was the description of step 3.
